My mom, calm down
I think Suifeng is also kind-hearted.
You also know that we were kicked out of the Yue family's old house
There is little money to buy expensive gifts
Ready to prepare
It's the only thing of value
Don't blame him, right?
It's not my son who lives in the wrong house
Wrong is the starry night
Ah!
What are you doing, you dead girl who eats inside and out
You bought this jade pendant to please grandma.
How can you expose it in public?
You can't get on stage for two dollars.
Exactly.
Ye Fanxi, a sinner, doesn't make up for it
We help you wipe your butt, you don't know how to be grateful
I, you really will be the villain to report first?
The ability to reverse black and white is unmatched
Obviously, it is something that randomly pulls the stars with the wind at night
I want to use it to deceive the family
Now it's too bad this victim shouldn't have happened
You shut up
This is our Ye family business
What kind of dog are you, bastard?
You bully my fiancee and I have to take care of it to the end
Enough is noisy
Master, please return the preparations to me